Not recommend setting tiflash logical split since 6.2 (#9895)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

[profiles]

[profiles.default]
    ## [Deprecated] The default value is false. This parameter determines whether the segment
    ## of DeltaTree Storage Engine uses logical split.
    ## Using the logical split can reduce the write amplification.
    ## However, these are at the cost of disk space waste.

>     ## Note that logical split has compatibility issues with other features since v6.2.0 and
>     ## it is not recommended to set the value to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## Note that logical split has known issue on v6.2.0 and later versions,
    ## it is strongly not recommended to set the value to true.
```

    ## of DeltaTree Storage Engine uses logical split.
    ## Using the logical split can reduce the write amplification.
    ## However, these are at the cost of disk space waste.

>     ## Note that logical split has known issue on v6.2.0 and later versions
>     ## [#5576](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/5576),
>     ## it is strongly not recommended to set the value to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ## It is strongly not recommended to set `dt_enable_logical_split` to `true` in v6.2.0
    ## and later versions. For details, see known issue [#5576](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/5576).
```
